In order to limit the technical updates for new comers, change AVA approver etc.
No every package need not to be entered as individual projects if it's the same project .
Through a mail that should be attached to the project line.
AVA validation threshold is 250 kEUR (positive or negative) Cost Savings and AVA Approval is on the Line level.
Only actual savings needs Procurement Approval.
No, Risk Factor is linked to how confident you are in the expected savings and it is impacting only expected (forecasted) savings not Actual savings.
For each project you will have to record expected savings as soon as you are involved in a project and after the nego you will have to upadte the approrpiate line by entering the actual savings.
No, Cost Avoidnace is a saving type to be decalred, managed in eSavings.
Will be discussed in the next AVA LT workshop.
Technically yes, but the defined threshold has been defined as 30k€ for large countries and 5k€ for the rest .
No, there is a mass upload Template available in the Share Point but can be user only a detail line level.
No Risk means you are confident in delivering 100% of the declared expected savings.
By sharing with them during Interlock and Business Info sessions.
Procurement approver and Finance Controller during Business Info and Interlock sessions.
AVA validation is based on the defined thresold.
Expected are forecasted saving, Actual are savings after negotioation.
Most of the time it will be the same Baseline, but it may change if your project is realised many month after your first involvement.
If the spend of the project is higher than your LOA.
Depends on the LOAA/Category (see LOA and discuss with your manager).
Business as Usual and Stragy are not new concepts, others choices are linked to Main Savings Programs (see your manager).
You should report also the losses.
If there is no clear baseline no savings can be claimed.
Finance review take place during Interlock and Business info sessions and concens only project lines +/- 250k€.
Full form of LOA is level of Authorization.
As before in Save document must be attached at project Header and Project line level (detail fo savings calculation).
Depends on the project is NEW or RECURRING -  see methodology.
Currently yes, however, if we would expect more Project Lines (for other countries), the gap could narrow down.
Actual savings should be calculated only on Actual volumes.
As long as the line is open you can update actual.
You can add to the project several project lines to differentiate and assign various HACAT.
If the previous line is closed yes.
Savings by Supplier is not the aim of this tool.
Both negative and positive savings.
No, PPV is still reported in eStore.
eSavings will be a Rolling forecast toolYes, see report dashboards, but the global target will be frozen in ePilot once per year.
Not automated - Proc Approver to be selected.
See definitions in NSM Manual and Procurement Performance Guide.
Finance will not validate Projects.
Thresold of savings initiatives is fixed at 30 k€ (5 k€ for small coutries).
Yes , Projects can be added post the pipeline process as well.
Benefits from initiatives like Payment days increment to be accounted as additional benefits.
Yes (we are asking finance to embedd the savings) - during interlock sessions.
Cost avoidance can be claimed for projects / initiatives taken by procurement. They can't be claimed for existing contracts without any new initiative / negotiation.
No, only CS have P&L impact.
Negative savings will be tracked in the system but in terms of reporting the overall savings number for procurement, projects with negative cost savings will not be considered.
If the new initiative / project / negotiation leads to preventing cost increase due to inflation then it is a genuine case of cost avoidance & buyer should be able to claim it.
The split by countries can be only made on project line level.
The lowest offer after technical and commercial allignment and before nego = baseline,Savings are the differnece between baseline and final negotiated price.
YES as Additional Benefits Add Benefits amount = Yearly spend with the supplier x (New PT in days – Previous PT in days) / 360 x the Yearly WACC rate in %  €125M x (60days – 30 days) / 360 days x 7% (EXAMPLE WACC) = €729 000.
Yes project is considered as recurrent, In case project was budgeted there is savings only if actual spend is below budget.
Multi-year contract can be split by given years - one line item for one year, where the actual value for the fist year is considered as the baseline for the next year. (please see the example 8).
If there is no budget only CA can be claimed.
There are no guidelines on who should be the project owner.
Project owner is the person who enters the project. Savings could be recognized on different levels.
We don't have any naming convention.
The buyer in charge is accountable for updating project in eSavings tool.
There is no differnce with regards to Savings methodology.
Alignment with Finance on how to quantify in euros (avarage labor cost per hour).
Storage space reduction can generate CS or CA only in case of RENT space and it depends on Unit Cost per square meter.