Yes.
In order to limit the technical updates for new comers, chnage AVA approver etc.
No if it's the same project.
Through a mail that should be attached to the project line.
AVA validation threshold is 250 kEUR (positive or negative) Cost Savings and AVA Approval is on the Line level.
Only actual savings needs Procurement Approval.
Yes.
New Savings Methodology has been updated (see documentation on the Share Point).
No, Risk Factor is linked to how confident you are in the expected savings and it is impacting only expected (forecasted) savings not Actual savings.
For each project you will have to record expected savings as soon as you are involved in a project and after the nego you will have to upadte the approrpiate line by entering the actual savings.
To see with GCM/GLB.
No, Cost Avoidnace is a saving type to be decalred, managed in eSavings.
Will be discussed in the next AVA LT workshop.
1 line per year but the baseline will be the driver.
1 line per GBU.
GBU is a mandatory field, split must be worked with Busines/Finance.
Technically yes, but the defined threshold has been defined as 30k€ for large countries and 5k€ for the rest .
No thresold.
Yes.
No, there is a mass upload Template available in the Share Point but can be user only a detail line level.
5KE.
The aim of the tool is to track the savings, so no need to record change orders if they don't generate savings.
No Risk means you are confident in delivering 100% of the declared expected savings.
By sharing with them during Interlock and Business Info sessions.
Procurement approver and Finance Controller during Business Info and Interlock sessions.
AVA validation is based on the defined thresold.
See definition of Baseline in NSM Manual.
Expected are forecasted saving, Actual are savings after negotioation.
Most of the time it will be the same Baseline, but it may change if your project is realised many month after your first involvement.
If the spend of the project is higher than your LOA.
Depends on the LOAA/Category (see LOA and discuss with your manager).
Business as Usaul and Stragy are not new concepts, others choices are linked to Main Savings Programs (see your manager).
See your manager.
The project owner Risk factor is impacting only the expected savings and can be adjusted as long as no actula savings as been entered.
As long as you are working on expected savings you can reduce the losses.
You should report also the losses.
It can be.
If there is no clear baseline no savings can be claimed.
Budget - yes for New Projects.
TBD.
LOA.
Finance review take place during Interlock and Business info sessions and concens only project lines +/- 250k€.
LOA means level of Authorization.
Yes.
As before in Save document must be attached at project Header and Project line level (detail fo savings calculation).
Yes.
Depends on the project is NEW or RECURRING -  see methodology.
Currently yes, however, if we would expect more Project Lines (for other countries), the gap could narrow down.
Actual savings should be calculated only on Actual volumes.
As long as the line is open you can update actual.
You can add to the project several project lines to differentiate and assign various HACAT.
If the previous line is closed yes.
To be discussed with GCM/GLB.
Savings by Supplier is not the aim of this tool.
Both negative and positive savings.
No, PPV is still reported in eStore.
In discussion.
eSavings will be a Rolling forecast toolYes, see report dashboards, but the global target will be frozen in ePilot once per year.
Yes.
Not technically.
No.
Not automated - Proc Approver to be selected.
See definitions in NSM Manual and Procurement Performance Guide.
Finance will not validate Projects.
Additional benetifs (neither CS nor CA).
If we were paying these 3 months before, then CS, otherwise CA.
If volume reduction is triggered by Procurement, then CS on Y+1, otherwise, nothing.
CS.
No CS, only CA - savings amount depends if recurrent or new.
CS for Y+1, no savings for Y+2 and Y+3.
Thresold of savings initiatives is fixed at 30 k€ (5 k€ for small coutries).
Yes , Projects can be added post the pipeline process as well.
Benefits from initiatives like Payment days increment to be accounted as additional benefits.
Yes (we are asking finance to embedd the savings) - during interlock sessions.
Cost avoidance can be claimed for projects / initiatives taken by procurement. They can't be claimed for existing contracts without any new initiative / negotiation.
Accounting visibility of cost savings refers to the ease of tracking cost savings claim to the internal books / records of Sanofi by the finance team. Whenever we use an internal baseline (last year PO price / internal line item level budget), it ensures that the accounting visibility is clear.
No, only CS have P&L impact.
Negative savings will be tracked in the system but in terms of reporting the overall savings number for procurement, projects with negative cost savings will not be considered.
If the new initiative / project / negotiation leads to preventing cost increase due to inflation then it is a genuine case of cost avoidance & buyer should be able to claim it.
Baseline (last year price) needs to be adjusted for the rebate received last year. This is explained in detail in example 16 & 17 of the savings manual (kindly refer to the same).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
As-is method of adjusting exchange rate impact will be continued, ex If goods purchased in Brazil but paid in USD, in final reporting of savings for buyer - exchange rate fluctuation impact to be calculated separately & buyer's savings need to adjusted for the same.
The split by countries can be only made on project line level.
The lowest offer after technical and commercial allignment and before nego = baseline,Savings are the differnece between baseline and final negotiated price.
YES as Additional Benefits Add Benefits amount = Yearly spend with the supplier x (New PT in days – Previous PT in days) / 360 x the Yearly WACC rate in %  €125M x (60days – 30 days) / 360 days x 7% (EXAMPLE WACC) = €729 000.
Yes project is considered as recurrent, In case project was budgeted there is savings only if actual spend is below budget.
Assuming this is a one time story you can report 3k cost savings.
Please provide detailed calculation of the 1,2 Mio and the 0,7 Mio, before we can declare savings.
300k€ negative cost savings and create a second value line +300k€ as cost avoidance.
100kUSD Cost Savings.
Only Procurement enters intiatives/ projects Smart Spend has originally been an AVA initative and than taken over from Finance. We will consider this lever as procurement initatives.
Multi-year contract can be split by given years - one line item for one year, where the actual value for the fist year is considered as the baseline for the next year. (please see the example 8).
Will discuss the volume topic in the next AVA LT workshop.
If there is no budget only CA can be claimed.
Source of baseline to be chosen is the project owner decision.
There are no guidelines on who should be the project owner.
Project owner is the person who enters the project. Savings could be recognized on different levels.
We don't have any naming convention.
Yes, if there is procurement involvement.
Yes, Procurement savings.
To be discussed during the workshop.
The buyer in charge.
There is no differnce with regards to Savings methodology.
Alignment with Finance on how to quantify in euros (avarage labor cost per hour).
Storage space reduction can generate CS or CA only in case of RENT space and it depends on Unit Cost per square meter.
 

