how do i access the new global ess ?
how do i access the new global ess ?
what are the new features added in the new global ess ?
earlier , i would go to the request list under each module to track status of my request . is this available in the new global ess as well ?
where do i find all those responsibilities in the new global ess ?
can i view all the reports in the new global ess and where do i find them ?
where can i view the reports module in the new global ess home page ?
where can i find the links to various applications in the new global ess menu ?
what is quick search functionality ?
what is a sitemap ?
how can i navigate to sitemap in the new global ess ?
how will any alert be communicated to an associate ?
how will an announcement be communicated to an associate ?
what does help centre in the new global ess home page consists of ?
on gess home page a few functionality shortcuts are provided by default . can i replace/customise them with my desired functionalities ?
how do i pin a particular functionality to reflect as part of favourites in my global ess home page ?
how do i unpin a particular functionality to reflect as part of favourites in my global ess home page ?
how many functionalities can i set as favourites in my global ess home page ?
can i unpin the request list and pin any functionality in place of request list ?
can i pin more than one of my applications request list as favorites in global ess home page ?
can i customise/unpin track request workflow/my work list/help centre with any other application links ?
how many favourites can be customised on global ess home page ?
how can i navigate to global ess home page from any of the application pages ?
how can i navigate to other applications within global ess from a particular application ?
why am i not able to see the option for selecting local transport in accommodation transport form ?
why am I not able to see the option for selecting Intracity transport in accommodation transport form ?
can i apply for accommodation/transport only for my dependants/guests ?
how to enter local travel details before departure on international travel ?
how can i track the status of my request and view request details ?
why am i not able to see accommodation transport links on global ess home page ?
how do i raise extension request for accommodation ?
why am i not able to add multiple locations for accommodation request ?
why am i unable to view the home/host option while applying for an advance ?
how can i apply for various types of advances ?
why am i unable to view my travel request while applying for a travel advance ?
what is branch and dc under ‘ finance location ’ section in the ‘ apply advance ’ form ?
why am i unable to apply for a particular advance type ?
how do i fill onsite reporting form (orf) ?
what is meant by a frozen request ?
why is the tracker incomplete even though my advance request is approved at all levels ?
when can i obtain access to the depute country advance module ?
when will my access to the advance module at host/depute country be revoked ?
what is the significance of ‘ seek clarification ’ tab ?
while approving the request , why am i unable to increase the amount ?
will i be allowed to accept an associate ’s request for a refund that is more than the outstanding amount ?
why am i unable to accept refund for an associate ?
why am i unable to reset the flag for an associate in allow another advance form ?
what are the requirements to be able to log in the benefits system ?
what are pre-requisites to apply for benefits for me and my dependants ?
where can i enter my ssn details ?
where can i enter my dependant details ?
where can i enter my residential address ?
how can i track the status of my request and view request details ?
how can i enroll in benefits if i am a us local hire and relocating from outside the us and open enrollment period is over ?
do i have to fill in all the details in the my beneficiary screen ?
who can i choose in the relationship name in the my beneficiary screen ?
what is contingency beneficiary ?
do i have to enter details against the contingency beneficiary ?
who can i choose in the relationship name in contingency beneficiary ?
what is purpose of the my enrollments screen ?
why don ’t i have a hyperlink in the request number column in the my enrollments screen ?
how do i carry out reporting for my dependants that have traveled with me on long term deputation ?
what is the fsa plan ?
what is the dfsa plan ?
where can i find benefits-related notifications ?
what is the per pay period contribution ?
what is the annual contribution in fsa\dfsa ?
what is the coverage amount in life insurance ?
for which plans can i enroll my dependants ?
why am i not able to see any dependants ?
why do i need to upload proof that my child is a full-time student ?
why do i need to upload proof for a handicapped child ?
why do i need to verify my address ?
how can i terminate a plan that i had enrolled in ?
why is the self column always ticked ?
what is the event date in life changing events ?
how can i enroll in benefits if i am a new hire and open enrollment period is over ?
how do i approve a benefit request ?
why is the request which was seen initially not showing in my fya worklist ?
what is boquet of benefits (bob) ?
what is the purpose of defining bob ?
where can i define my bouquet of benefits (bob) for tax benefit purposes ?
who can change their predefined bouquet of benefits (bob) in ultimatix ?
can any employee change the fixed components of the salary ?
how many times bob can be defined by an employee ?
what is the tcs predefined bouquet of benefit structure ?
for how long the chosen bob is valid ?
what are the various components that are covered under a bob package ?
what is the maximum amount for food coupons that can be specified while defining bob ?
how to view the pre-defined bob structure ?
how to view the detailed structure of the bob defined ?
till which date bob must be defined to get the benefit in the current month's payroll ?
can I define my bob while on long term deputation ?
if my bob has already been declared in the system for the previous year, do I still need to re-declare it in the current financial year to avail tax benefits ?
if my trlp request has already been declared and approved in the system for the previous year , do i still need to re-declare it in the current financial year to avail the tax benefits ?
if i have used my two attempts to redefine bob but i have got a promotion , will i get an additional chance to redefine bob ?
if i get a promotion but still have one chance to redefine bob , will i get an additional chance to redefine bob ?
what is bob kitty allowance ?
can i adjust my bob kitty allowance while redefining bob ?
who can define vehicle maintenance allowance component of bob ?
who can define the adhoc allowance , soft furnishing , entertainment allowance , utilities components of bob ?
where can i declare my pran ?
who all will be able to define new pension scheme (nps) component of bob ?
who all will be able to view link to contribute to nps through superannuation amount ?
what is the minimum and maximum amount that can be defined under new pension system (nps) component ?
no , you will be able to declare your pran in global ess but not allowed to define nps component of bob while on long term deputation ?
if I have used my two attempts to redefine bob and also additional chance on promotion , will I get an additional chance for defining new pension system (nps) component of bob ?
what is car usage module ?
what does fbt stand for ?
car usage module is available for whom ?
can an associate create a new record ?